README.md, before:


<a name="readme-top"></a>


<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/tnsjesper">
    <img src="jesper-image.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">tnsjesper aka Jesper</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An awesome README template to jumpstart your projects!
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper/wiki"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>


### Statistic




<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [ ] Add more Repositories
- [ ] more Updates

See the [open issues](https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

- **Twitter:** [@tnsjesper](https://twitter.com/StckOverflw)
- **Discord:** [tnsjesper](https://discord.com/users/850470027026759690)
- **E-mail:** contact@tnsjesper.me

Project Link: [https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper](https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update README.md (adf Discord )

README.md, after:


<a name="readme-top"></a>


<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/tnsjesper">
    <img src="jesper-image.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">tnsjesper aka Jesper</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An awesome README template to jumpstart your projects!
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper/wiki"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>


### Statistic




<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [ ] Add more Repositories
- [ ] more Updates

See the [open issues](https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

- **Twitter:** [@tnsjesper](https://twitter.com/StckOverflw)
- **Discord:** [tnsjesper](https://discord.com/users/850470027026759690)
- **E-mail:** contact@tnsjesper.me


## You can contact me on Discord
[![Discord Presence](https://lanyard.cnrad.dev/api/850470027026759690)](https://discord.com/users/850470027026759690)




Project Link: [https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper](https://github.com/tnsjesper/tnsjesper)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
